Add prod run for configuration (#5041)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/access.md

</VersionBlock>

> Note, once you define `access`, re-run a production job to apply the change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you define `access`, rerun a production job to apply the change. 
```

## Definition
The access level of the model you are declaring properties for.

Some models (not all) are designed to be referenced through the [ref](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/ref) function across [groups](/docs/build/groups).

| Access    | Referenceable by              |
|-----------|-------------------------------|
| private   | Same group                    |
| protected | Same project/package          |

> | public    | Any group, package, or project*|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| public    | Any group, package, or project. When defined, rerun a production job to apply the change. |
```
